(JERRY WHISTLING)
(BLOWING RASPBERRY)
(SNORING)
(BLOWING)
Phew!
(GASPS)
You're going to
regret that, cat.
(SCREECHING)
(CRACKLING)
-(EXPLODING)
-(TOM SCREAMING)
GINGER: We're home.
RICK: We said no more chasing!
(CRACKLING)
(SNIFFING)
(EXPLODING)
(MUSICAL NOTES PLAYING)
GINGER: (GASPS)
Are you two okay?
RICK: No, they're not.
Two mice kicked
the pudding out of them.
It's embarrassing.
GINGER: We let
this rodent problem
go on too long.
It's not their fault.
I'm getting
an exterminator here, today.
And you're taking these two
to the vet's.
RICK: They're fine.
Rick!
RICK: All right, boys,
we're going to the vet's.
RICK: All right, we can do
this the easy way
or the hard way.
Your choice, Tom.
-Whoa, kitty! Hey!
Hey, there! Just relax!
-(TOM YOWLING)
-(RICK SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
GINGER: Oh, I'm sure
Tommy didn't mean to
hurt Daddy.
-RICK: I'm not
this cat's daddy!
-(DOOR SLAMS)
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
VET: And why are Tom
and Spike seeing us today?
RICK: Ah, just making sure
these guys have no
broken bones or nothing.
VET: Hmm, says here
they also need
their physicals,
teeth scrubbed, nails clipped,
ears swabbed, flea dunk,
tick check, and...
Shots. All of them.
RICK: Looks like I'll be
picking you up later.
Enjoy your spa-day, boys.
(WHIMPERING)
Don't leave me.
I'm begging you.
Don't leave!
(CRYING)
(DOORBELL RINGING)
PETEY: Petey's Pest Patrol
reporting for duty, ma'am.
Ready to say "hasta luego,"
to those rodents?
GINGER: Am I ever, Petey!
PETEY: Meet the Swatter 5000,
AKA the answer to
all your problems.
-Whoa!
-GINGER: Whoa!
PETEY: That's right. "Whoa."
Prepare to take
your home back.
Hey...
This is our home, too.
(GROWLING)
(ALARM SOUNDING)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(SPLASHING)
(FLEAS SCREECHING)
(BLADES SWISHING)
PETEY: Swatter,
activate camera.
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
PETEY: Hmm.
Still no sign of the enemy.
Aw, did we chase
the little mice away.
Cowards!
PETEY: So long, nuisance!
Swatter, deploy traps.
(POWERS DOWN)
PETEY: I better go fix
the darn thing.
(CRASHING)
(SQUEAKS)
(TRAPS SNAPPING)
PETEY: (GROANING) Ow!
You want to play
that way? Fine!
We're taking this to
Pest Con Two!
Commence
Operation Pied Piper.
(BEEPING)
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
(FLUTE PLAYING)
(CRACKLING)
(EXPLOSION)
PETEY: Now what?
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
PETEY: Sabotage!
-(EXPLOSION)
-PETEY: Medic.
He'll come back for us.
Any second now, you'll see.
I know he will.
VET: Mugsy, your owner's here.
Yes! So long, suckers!
He ain't ever coming back!
We're never getting
out of here.
(BLADE SWISHING)
Oh! Smart thinking, cat.
(SQUEAKS)
Shh!
VET: Excuse me, Doctors,
but we had a cat and a dog
go missing.
Did they come this way?
GINGER: Mission accomplished?
PETEY: Negative, ma'am.
The enemy is crafty
and cunning.
But it's big boy time.
-They have no idea,
what's coming.
-(GASPS)
PETEY:
I'm going to do something
I haven't done in years...
PETEY: Get rid of pests
with my bare hands.
GINGER: Bare hands?
(BOTH SCREAMING)
PETEY: Get some
cheese chewers!
RICK: Honey, I'm home... Ow!
PETEY: Who's on the run
now, runts?
Who are you calling a runt?
Never mind!
(WHISTLES)
PETEY: Say hello to
oblivion, squeaker!
GINGER: That's it! Get out!
I'd rather have mice!
PETEY:
Not until the objective
is reached, ma'am.
The enemy is on the ropes.
I'm this close, to completing
mission objectives.
And then, I can...
RICK: Mission over, Petey!
Back to base!
PETEY: But I don't want
to go back to base!
I want to finish
the mission, sir.
There is no dignity
in surrender.
RICK: Thanks for
stopping by, Petey.
We'll take it from here.
PETEY: You're not going to
give me a bad review online,
are you?
GINGER: Suddenly, those mice
don't seem so bad.
RICK: I'll pick up
Tom and Spike.
Maybe we should start
our own business.
Jerry and Tuffy's
Pest Control.
"No nuisance is too large!"
The other side of that door
is freedom. Let's go.
(BANGING)
No one has to know
about the nail paint.
Got it?
It made me feel pretty,
that's all.
Hey, boys.
Mugsy, thought you went home.
Mistaken identity.
Turns out it was
Pugsy's owners who came.
Rumor has it, people are
looking for you.
For the right price,
maybe I didn't see you.
So, we doing this
the easy way or the hard way?
Your choice.
-Whoa, hey now!
-(TOM YOWLING)
MUGSY: Just relax!
That cat's crazy!
RICK: Hey!
Where are you two, going?
(SCREECHING)
RICK: (CHUCKLING)
Yeah, yeah.
I missed you, too.
Even you, cat.